# adb_testing
To generate logs from using ADB, following steps needs to be done:
1. Download  windows platform tools : https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/platform-tools
2. Extract it, and make sure you have adb.exe file. Open command promt here.
3. Open you android device in developer mode. and enable USB debugging:
  a. Phone>Settings>About Phone>Tap the "Build Number" seven times. You should see get the message saying you are now a developer.
  b.Go to Developer options on phone and turn on USB debugging.
  c. Connect the device to the system and trust/allow the system


We can use following python script to use adb commands and collect logs:
https://github.com/google/python-adb/blob/master/adb/adb_debug.py

## Basic of Logs 

E: Error 

F: Fatal 

W: Warning 

V: Verbose (lowest priority) 

I: Information 

D: Debug 

S: Silent 

## Some exaples of issues that can be seen in logs:
AndroidRuntime: Generated by Android system 

libc : shorthand for C library. 

WindowsManager:  The Android WindowManager is a system service, which is responsible for managing the z-ordered list of windows, which windows are visible, and how they are laid out on screen. Among other things, it automatically performs window transitions and animations when opening or closing an app or rotating the screen. 

TaskStackListenerAbstract : A task is a collection of activities that users interact with when trying to do something in your app. These activities are arranged in a stack 

PolicyController : controls local device policies and system applications on devices. 

Looper: Class used to run a message loop for a thread.   
